Azure Private Link Serverless (#7595)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/security/network-security-api.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To learn how to find the value for `source` for type `gcp_private_service_connect_endpoint`, refer to [Find your Private Service Connect connection ID](private-connectivity-gcp.md#ec-find-your-psc-connection-id). This setting is supported only in GCP regions.
```
for consistency with the others

:::{include} _snippets/network-sec-tier-reqs.md
:::

There are no specific requirements for other {{serverless-short}} project types, {{ech}} deployments, or {{ece}} deployments.

## API reference

> To learn more about these endpoints, refer to the reference for your deployment type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about these endpoints in the reference for your deployment type:
```
Just to avoid "_refer_ to the _reference_" ;)

> 1. To learn how to find the value for `azure_endpoint_name` and `azure_endpoint_guid` for type `azure_private_endpoint`, refer to [Find your private endpoint resource name](private-connectivity-azure.md#ec-find-your-resource-name) and [Find your private endpoint resource ID](private-connectivity-azure.md#ec-find-your-resource-id). This setting is supported only in Azure regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To learn how to find the values for `azure_endpoint_name` and `azure_endpoint_guid` for type `azure_private_endpoint`, refer to [Find your private endpoint resource name](private-connectivity-azure.md#ec-find-your-resource-name) and [Find your private endpoint resource ID](private-connectivity-azure.md#ec-find-your-resource-id). This setting is supported only in Azure regions.
```
